---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-31T01:08:11.818Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-31T01:07:54.297Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-31-7e1cf9ac-0dc5-4d7a-a23e-b14b5cfc320e.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 7e1cf9ac-0dc5-4d7a-a23e-b14b5cfc320e/index.html
_type: Article

---
Good morning,

How are you? I hope you're doing well.

I was up early this morning. Thinking. Pondering. Furiously stringing sentence after sentence. Involuntarily.

Like a train travelling down hill, it doesn't matter whether the brakes are on. It's a negative gradient. The train won't stop. It can slow down. But it will not stop.

So with surprising calmness, more apathy than peace, I staggered my thoughts' descend by using bullet points and making sure there are no repeats. No spirals of chaos. No locking of the wheels and having the train accidentally weld itself to the tracks.

Then I stood at the middle of the slope with the train tracks in front of me. The train, my thoughts, whooshed pass me. Filling my ears instantly with its blaringly loud chugging which turned into echoes which faded into whispers.

I was shaken. But my feet stood firmly on the ground. I saw the train, its distance and the sharp bend in the track at the bottom of the hill. I should be worried. But I'm no longer in the train. I'm on solid ground.

I was kind to myself this morning. I gave these otherwise overwhelming thoughts over to themselves. And watched as they were blown away like chaff in the wind.

Every thought has a way of convincing me that it is from me because it only appeared in my mind. But it is not mine and is not a reflection of who I am until I choose to accept it. We have the right to choose the good, the pure and the acceptable. I hope you would too.

Be kind to yourself.

With love,  
Jamie Opso